Call out how write:packages requires repo scope on PATs (#3746)
github/docs: data/reusables/package_registry/authenticate-to-container-registry-steps.md

1. Create a new personal access token (PAT) with the appropriate scopes for the tasks you want to accomplish. If your organization requires SSO, you must enable SSO for your new token.
  {% warning %}

>   **Note:** Granting the `write:packages` scope on the PAT also grants the `repo` scope! If you save this PAT for use from an Action, any collaborators can configure an Actions workflow to use this PAT to get full permissions to all repositories accessable from the PAT owner's account. We recommend creating a separate account with access only to the specific repositories that want to push Docker images (see "[Security hardening for GitHub Actions](/actions/getting-started-with-github-actions/security-hardening-for-github-actions#considering-cross-repository-access)").

Reviewer: Here's a suggestion that uses some slight rephrasing and follows our style guide. 

```suggestion
  **Warning:** Selecting the `write:packages` scope for your PAT will also automatically select the `repo` scope. If you use this PAT with an action, then a collaborator could potentially access your repositories. We recommend creating a separate account with access only to the specific repositories that want to push Docker images. For more information on security best practices for actions, see "[Security hardening for GitHub Actions](/actions/getting-started-with-github-actions/security-hardening-for-github-actions#considering-cross-repository-access)."
  ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Note:** By default, when you select the `write:packages` scope for your personal access token (PAT) In the user interface, the `repo` scope will also be selected. The `repo` scope offers unnecessary and broad access, which we recommend you avoid using, especially for GitHub Actions workflows. For more information, see "[Security hardening for GitHub Actions](/actions/getting-started-with-github-actions/security-hardening-for-github-actions#considering-cross-repository-access)." As a workaround, you can select just the `write:packages` scope for your PAT in the user interface with this url: `https://github.com/settings/tokens/new?scopes=write:packages`. 
```
